[OSQuery] Add a known issue to the release notes for the 8.6.0 OSQuery Manager integration (#2885)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.6.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.6.0]]
==== Known issues

> When using the Osquery Manager integration with {agent}, Osquery results aren't properly written to {es} and therefore aren't viewable in Kibana ( https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250)[#34250]. We recommend that Osquery users skip {stack} 8.6.0 and upgrade to {stack} 8.6.1 instead when it is released.

Reviewer: For 12 - the suggested fix will not work. Here's the suggested wording: Pre-built Detection rules investigation guides may not render correctly if they include an escaped character (such as `\"`). Updating the pre-built rules on the prompt will fix the issue. ( https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/pull/2447[#2447]).

> When using the Osquery Manager integration with {agent}, Osquery results aren't properly written to {es} and therefore aren't viewable in Kibana ( https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250)[#34250]. We recommend that Osquery users skip {stack} 8.6.0 and upgrade to {stack} 8.6.1 instead when it is released.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the feedback, @approksiu ! One question about the workaround - when users update prebuilt rules "on the prompt" are they performing this action in the prebuilt rules' settings or a different part of the rules UI?

> When using the Osquery Manager integration with {agent}, Osquery results aren't properly written to {es} and therefore aren't viewable in Kibana ( https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250)[#34250]. We recommend that Osquery users skip {stack} 8.6.0 and upgrade to {stack} 8.6.1 instead when it is released.

Reviewer: It's on the pre-built rules page - the prompt appear on top of the rules page.

> There is an issue with using the OSQuery Manager integration with the Agent which causes OSQuery results to not be properly written to Elasticsearch ahd, therefore, not viewable in Kibana (issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250).  It is recommended that OSQuery users not upgrade to 8.6.0 and wait for the 8.6.1 patch release.

Reviewer 3: very small, but "and" typo:

> ...to not be properly written to Elasticsearch **ahd**, therefore, not viewable

> There is an issue with using the OSQuery Manager integration with the Agent which causes OSQuery results to not be properly written to Elasticsearch and, therefore, not viewable in Kibana (issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250).  It is recommended that OSQuery users not upgrade to 8.6.0 and wait for the 8.6.1 patch release.

Reviewer 4: +1 to @nastasha-solomon's edit, except there looks like a typo in the last bit: "skip 8.6.1 and upgrade to 8.6.1 instead"

> There is an issue with using the OSQuery Manager integration with the Agent which causes OSQuery results to not be properly written to Elasticsearch and, therefore, not viewable in Kibana (issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250).  It is recommended that OSQuery users not upgrade to 8.6.0 and wait for the 8.6.1 patch release.

Reviewer 2: fixed!

> There is an issue with using the OSQuery Manager integration with the Agent which causes OSQuery results to not be properly written to Elasticsearch and, therefore, not viewable in Kibana (issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250).  It is recommended that OSQuery users not upgrade to 8.6.0 and wait for the 8.6.1 patch release.

Author: @joepeeples @nastasha-solomon thank you for the suggestions!

I added one more phrase at the end "...when it's released".  My thinking was that it sounded like `8.6.1` was released already but it's not.  Happy to take it out if needed.  Here's what I pushed up.

```
When using the Osquery Manager integration with {agent}, Osquery results aren't properly written to {es} and therefore aren't viewable in Kibana ( https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250)[#34250]. We recommend that Osquery users skip {stack} 8.6.0 and upgrade to {stack} 8.6.1 instead when it is released.
```

Let me know your thoughts.

> There is an issue with using the OSQuery Manager integration with the Agent which causes OSQuery results to not be properly written to Elasticsearch and, therefore, not viewable in Kibana (issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250).  It is recommended that OSQuery users not upgrade to 8.6.0 and wait for the 8.6.1 patch release.

Reviewer 4: Good point @kevinlog, and that reminds me that we should also probably say "8.6.1 _or later._" So...

` ...skip {stack} 8.6.0 and upgrade to (stack} 8.6.1 or later when available.`

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.6.0]]
==== Known issues
* When using the Osquery Manager integration with {agent}, Osquery results aren't properly written to {es} and, therefore, cannot be viewed in Kibana (https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/34250)[#34250]). We recommend that Osquery users skip {stack} version 8.6.0 and upgrade to {stack} version 8.6.1 or later when available.

> * Osquery investigation guides may not render correctly if they include an escaped character (such as `\"`). To avoid breaking the query syntax, copy and paste affected queries directly into the investigation guide instead of importing them ( https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/pull/2447[#2447]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Investigation guides for some prebuilt rules may not render correctly if they include an escaped character (such as `\"`). To resolve this, update your prebuilt rules once you receive a rule update prompt on the Rules page ( https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/pull/2447[#2447]).
```
